PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated May 14, 2025
This Privacy Notice for wei chen xing tu technology ("we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might access, collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your personal information when you use our services ("Services"), including when you:
Visit our website at http://agentstar.xin, or any website of ours that links to this Privacy Notice
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at billtangda@gmail.com.

SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our Privacy Notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use.
Learn more about personal information you disclose to us.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
Some of the information may be considered "special" or "sensitive" in some jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and religious beliefs.
We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we collect any information from third parties?
We do not collect any information from third parties.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so.
Learn more about how we process your information.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties.
Learn more about when and with whom we share your personal information.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information.
Learn more about your privacy rights.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is by submitting a data subject access request, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect?
Review the Privacy Notice in full.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2.HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3.WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4.WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
5.DO WE OFFER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-BASED PRODUCTS?
6.HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
7.HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
8.WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
9.CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
10.DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
11.HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
12.HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.
Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, X, or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect certain profile information about you from the social media provider, as described in the section called "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?" below.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.

Google API
Our use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
[The list continues in the next sections.]

3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.

4. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services.
The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third-party websites. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.

5. DO WE OFFER ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE-BASED PRODUCTS?
In Short: We offer products, features, or tools powered by artificial intelligence, machine learning, or similar technologies.
As part of our Services, we offer products, features, or tools powered by artificial intelligence, machine learning, or similar technologies (collectively, “AI Products"). These tools are designed to enhance your experience and provide you with innovative solutions. The terms in this Privacy Notice govern your use of the AI Products within our Services.
Use of AI Technologies
We provide the AI Products through third-party service providers ("AI Service Providers"), including OpenAI, xAI, DeepSeek and Anthropic. As outlined in this Privacy Notice, your input, output, and personal information will be shared with and processed by these AI Service Providers to enable your use of our AI Products for purposes outlined in "WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?" You must not use the AI Products in any way that violates the terms or policies of any AI Service Provider.

Our AI Products
Our AI Products are designed for the following functions:
AI insights
AI applications
AI bots
AI translation
How We Process Your Data Using AI
All personal information processed using our AI Products is handled in line with our Privacy Notice and our agreement with third parties. This ensures high security and safeguards your personal information throughout the process, giving you peace of mind about your data's safety.

13. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Notice.

14. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).

CCPA Privacy Notice
The California Code of Regulations defines a “resident” as:
(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
All other individuals are defined as “non-residents.”
If this definition of “resident” applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.

What categories of personal information do we collect?
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
Category	Examples	Collected
A. Identifiers	Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or	
	mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier,	
	Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name	YES
B. Personal information	Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history,	
categories listed in the	and financial information	YES
California Customer Records statute		
C. Protected classification	Gender and date of birth	YES
characteristics under California or federal law		
D. Commercial information	Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment	
	information	YES
E. Biometric information	Fingerprints and voiceprints	NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity	Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data,	YES
	and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and	
	advertisements	
G. Geolocation data	Device location	YES
H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information	Images and audio, video or call recordings created	YES
	in connection with our business activities	
I. Professional or employment-related information	Business contact details in order to provide you our	
	Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional	
	qualifications if you apply for a job with us	YES
J. Education Information	Student records and directory information	NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information	Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal	
	information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example,	
	an individual’s preferences and characteristics	YES

We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories in instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
Receiving help through our customer support channels;
Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.
How do we use and share your personal information?
More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in this Privacy Notice.
You may contact us by email at billtangda@gmail.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.
If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt out we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.

Will your information be shared with anyone else?
We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be “selling” of your personal information.
We have not disclosed, sold, or shared any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We will not sell or share personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users, and other consumers.
